CONTENT: Motivating Security Examples (#23)
numfocus/Security-Best-Practices: bestpractices/content/motivating-examples.md

## Lessons from Recent Incidents

Two recent events highlight the importance of security in open source development:

1. **Ultralytics Package Compromise**  
   In late 2024, the Python package [ultralytics](https://github.com/ultralytics/ultralytics) was the target of a supply chain attack. Attackers exploited GitHub Actions workflows and an exposed PyPI API token to publish malicious versions, which were downloaded before being identified and removed. This incident underscores the need for secure workflows and credential management. PyPI posted a great review of the [incident here](https://blog.pypi.org/posts/2024-12-11-ultralytics-attack-analysis/) including recommendations for PyPI publishers.

2. **XZ Utils Backdoor**  

>    Earlier in 2024, versions of XZ Utils were found to contain a backdoor. This code allowed attackers with a specific cryptographic key to execute remote commands and was given the maximum CVSS score of 10.0. The insertion of this backdoor into most Linux distributions took approximately three years and was based in social engineering. Read more [here](https://www.akamai.com/blog/security-research/critical-linux-backdoor-xz-utils-discovered-what-to-know).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Earlier in 2024, versions of XZ Utils were found to contain a backdoor. This code allowed attackers with a specific cryptographic key to execute remote commands and was given the maximum CVSS score of 10.0. The insertion of this backdoor into most Linux distributions took approximately three years and was based in social engineering. Read more: [XZ Utils Backdoor — Everything You Need to Know, and What You Can Do](https://www.akamai.com/blog/security-research/critical-linux-backdoor-xz-utils-discovered-what-to-know).
```

Reviewer: @JosephTLucas I avoid using "here" as a link label. This is due to screenreader accessibility.
